<Issue #3534>[website]fix website mailing_lists_url/slack_url (#3535)
apache/bookkeeper: site3/website/docs/admin/upgrade.md

title: Upgrade
---

> > If you have questions about upgrades (or need help), please feel free to reach out to us by [mailing list]({{ site.mailing_lists_url }}) or [Slack Channel]({{ site.slack_url }}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you have questions about upgrades (or need help), please feel free to reach out to us by [mailing list](/community/mailing-lists) or [Slack Channel](/community/slack).
```
